once you're seeking you can't lose it
you okay
Twitter pull if you could stay one age
forever what would it be what about the
age we are right now seriously sometimes
I wish we could just get out of the
stupid town together
[Music]
[Applause]
the cops asked me you wanted to know if
she ever talked about running away check
this out oh here's a last sight she
visited Slenderman he preys on innocent
youth whoa
I think this is how we get Katie back
those who hear the three bells toll
accept his invitation when you hear the
first you must close your eyes opening
your eyes only once you hurt the third
in his head like a virus
Samuel takes some drugs mad once you see
him you can't see him
[Applause]
[Music]